Thank you for your kindness, Mr. Gao.
I'm just a jeweler
I don't want to be a gambling king
Flowers don't have to refuse so quickly, right?
Why don't you think about it?
My door will always be open to you
Hahahaha
Help me with the second stone on the left
Please cut it for me
Yes, thank you.
Second piece from the left
Mr. Gao, I don't agree
Let's play another game
You want to bet again?
total flower
I'm 10 high, I don't just gamble with people
You want to bet
Yes, I would like to pay 100 million.
Hahaha
I don't want money.
If Mr. Hua loses
You will be defeated by me
Study with me for two years
This person in the vegetable garden has bad intentions at first glance
Don't promise him
It's okay if Mr. Hua is afraid
After all, when people face the strong
There will be fear